{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Main Navigation:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
1. Food delivery (Section 1)\
2. How it works (Section 3)\
3. Our cities (Section 4)\
4. Sign up (Section 6)\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Section 0: Header with hero image and navigation
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Title: None
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
Goodbye junk food. Hello super healthy meals.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Button 1:\'a0I\'92m hungry (go down to sign up section)\
Button 2: Show me more (go down to next section)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Section 1: Features
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Title: Get food fast \'97 not fast food.
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
Hello, we\'92re Omnifood, your new premium food delivery service.\'a0We know you\'92re always busy. No time for cooking. So let us take care of that, we\'92re really good at it, we promise!\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Up to 365 days/year
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Never cook again! We really mean that. Our subscription plans include up to 365 days/year coverage. You can also choose to order more flexibly if that's your style.\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ready in 20 minutes
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
You're only twenty minutes away from your delicious and super healthy meals delivered right to your home. We work with the best chefs in each town to ensure that you're 100% happy.\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
100% organic
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
All our vegetables are fresh, organic and local. Animals are raised without added hormones or antibiotics. Good for your health, the environment, and it also tastes better!\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Order anything
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
We don't limit your creativity, which means you can order whatever you feel like. You can also choose from our menu containing over 100 delicious meals. It's up to you!\
\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Section 2:\'a0Favourite meals
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Title: None
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Korean bibimbap\'a0with egg and vegetables\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Simple italian pizza with cherry tomatoes\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Chicken breast steak with vegetables\'a0\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Autumn pumpkin soup\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Paleo beef steak with vegetables\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Healthy baguette with egg and vegetables\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Burger with cheddar and bacon\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Granola with cherries and strawberries\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
(see image\'a0numbers\'a0in the assets folder)\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Section 3: How it works
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Title:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How it works - Simple as 1, 2, 3
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Choose the subscription plan that best fits your needs and sign up today.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Order your delicious meal using our mobile app or website. Or you can even call us!\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Enjoy your meal after less than 20 minutes. See you the next time!\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Section 4: Cities
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Title: We're currently in these cities\

\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Lisbon
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
1600+ happy eaters\
60+ top chefs\
@omnifood_lx\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
San Francisco
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
3700+ happy eaters\
160+ top chefs\
@omnifood_sf\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Berlin
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
2300+ happy eaters\
110+ top chefs\
@omnifood_berlin\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
London
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
1200+ happy eaters\
50+ top chefs\
@omnifood_london\
\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Section 5: Customer testimonials
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Title:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Our customers can't live without us
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Omnifood is just awesome! I just launched a startup which leaves me with no time for cooking, so Omnifood is a life-saver. Now that I got used to it, I couldn't live without my daily meals!\
(Alberto Duncan)\
\
Inexpensive, healthy and great-tasting meals, delivered right to my home. We have lots of food delivery here in Lisbon, but no one comes even close to Omifood. Me and my family are so in love!\
(Joana Silva)\
\
I was looking for a quick and easy food delivery service in San Franciso. I tried a lot of them and ended up with Omnifood. Best food delivery service in the Bay Area. Keep up the great work!\
(Milton Chapman)\
\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Section 6: Sign up and pricing plans
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Title: Start\'a0eating\'a0healthy today
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Plan 1: Premium
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
399$ per month\
That\'92s only 13.30$ per meal\
1 meal every day\
Order 24/7\
Access to newest creations\
Free delivery\
\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Plan 2: Pro
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
149$ per month\
That\'92s only 14.90$ per meal\
1 meal 10 days/month\
Order 24/7\
Access to newest creations\
Free delivery\
\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Plan 3: Starter
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
19$ per meal\
1 meal\
Order from 8 am to 12 pm\
Free delivery\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Section 7: Contact form
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Title: We're happy to hear from you
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Fields\'a0to include:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Name\
Email\
How did you find us?\
Newsletter\
Drop us a line\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Section 8: Footer
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Title: None
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Navigation:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
1. About us\
2. Blog\
3. Press\
4. iOS App\
5.\'a0Android App\
\
Also include links to facebook, twitter, google+ and Instagram accounts.\
}